(Bell grunting)
(whooshing)
(Bell grunts)
(Bell shouts)
(water flows)
(Bell panting)
(sword schwing)
(water flows)
(Marie clapping)
(soft piano music)
- A real mermaid?
(Bell grunts)
(Marie laughing)
(zoom thumps)
(Bell gasps)
(Marie gasps)
S-sorry!
(peaceful music)
(Marie laughs)
(Bell grunts)
(Marie gasps)
(opening song)
She's not trying to attack me.
Could it be?
Is this mermaid actually...
- Are you okay?
- [Bell] She can talk.
- You're hurt.
- Uh, oh.
Would you happen to be...
Are you a Xenos?
- Ah.
(water splashes)
(whooshing)
(Marie laughing)
- [Marie] You smell
like, like Rei.
- [Bell] Huh? You know Ms. Rei?
- [Marie] Yeah. She's pretty.
And Rido is a real cutie.
And Gross is kinda shy.
- A cutie?
And kinda shy?
(bell ring)
Um, anyway, so my name is Bell.
- Hm?
- Uh, Bell Cranel.
I am Bell.
- [Marie] Bell?
(Marie gasps)
I'm Marie!
- Nice to meet you, Ms. Marie.
(Marie grunts)
- Ah.
- Uh-
- [Marie] Open your mouth.
- Huh? (gurgles)
- Now take a drink.
Keep going. More, more.
Don't stop, keep it up.
You need more.
(Bell grunting)
- [Bell] Oh, man!
This would look really bad
if someone walked in
on us right now.
(Bell grunting)
Huh? My wounds are healing.
Wait a minute.
The lifeblood of a mermaid,
I heard it's supposed to
be a rare healing item.
Thank you very much. I
appreciate it.
(Marie giggles)
- You're all better now.
Good job.
(Bell grunts)
(Marie grunts)
Oh!
It kind of stings.
- [Bell] Ah! I'm sorry.
(Bell panting)
(creature roaring in distance)
- Huh?
I don't like this place.
Let's go over there.
- Huh?
(water splashes)
Over where, exactly?
(creature continues roaring)
(bell grunts)
(Welf yelling)
(valorous music)
(thunder raging)
- [Aisha] Ha! Not half bad.
(monsters thuds)
(monsters explodes)
- Sh-she's a power house.
- We know Bell Cranel's
especially strong,
but Lady Aisha is also quite
a force to be reckoned with.
- [Luvis] You sure
you're okay, Dormul?
I mean, you guys got hit
by that parasite plant too.
- Don't sweat it. We're
built tougher than
weak-ass elves like
you, after all.
But as much as I really
hate to admit it,
at the moment, we can't do
a whole lot of fighting.
So I guess, at the very least,
I'll have to be
a stand-in supporter.
- It is greatly appreciated.
- Yeah. Can't thank you enough.
(Dormul exclaims)
- Well, golly, it
ain't nothing, milady.
When you need some muscle,
you can count on a dwarf.
- [Mikoto] Um, Excuse me,
Dormul.
We heard that your party came
down here
as part of the quest to
find a missing adventurer.
I take it you haven't
found them yet.
- [Dormul] No, we did.
They were at the safety point
on the 28th floor
with their body
wrapped up in vines.
They had all been killed.
(Mikoto gasps)
- [Haruhime] Wait a minute.
At the safety point?
- [Dormul] Yeah. I'm
betting that bastard
was waiting there to ambush 'em.
And what's more, the
corpses have been hidden
under a bunch of rocks.
- Wait, it would do that?
- Must have known it would be
discovered,
as though it knew adventurers
would be more vigilant.
- Sounds like that damn
monster is way too clever.
- [Lili] Is there any other
information you've gathered
about the monster you
can share with us?
- Afraid not. It got the jump
on us soon after we turned back
to start heading
for the surface.
We tried everything
we had on it.
Not even the magic
lightning sword
I keep for emergencies worked.
We got overwhelmed
by those seeds.
It took all our
effort to escape.
- If that's the case, we can
trust one thing to be true.
Only Bell Cranel's magic can
damage it.
- Then fire must be
its weakness.
- Then we should arm ourselves
with magic fire swords.
- [Aisha] Guess you're
our ace in the hole.
I know those magic swords of
yours are incredibly strong.
They're sure to do some damage.
Every little cut is progress.
- Yeah-huh. Count on me.
Though we've been getting
swarmed down here.
Just hope we don't run
outta swords before then.
- Well, worst-case scenario,
we'll use Haruhime's
level boost.
Although I'd really
hate to waste it
on fighting against a
bunch of small fries.
- Yes, I agree.
Let's do our best to avoid that.
It's going to be
impossible to predict
what that thing might
try to pull next.
(heavy foot steps thuds)
(valiant music)
(monsters crippling)
(water flowing)
- Where did-
where did she go?
(Marie singing)
That voice?
(Marie singing continues)
(fast footsteps thuds)
(Bell panting)
(Marie singing continues)
- Oh!
Hey, Bell.
- Oh hey, there you are.
(Marie giggles)
(zoom thumps)
(Bell stutters)
(happy piano music)
- What's the matter?
- It's ah, nothing.
- Huh?
(Marie gasps)
Wait right here.
- Where are you going?
(water splashes)
- How's this?
(Bell stutters)
- Oh, god.
- I got clothes just
like you humans.
- So Miss Marie, do
you know the Xenos?
Like Rido and all the others?
- My name's just Marie.
- Oh, sorry.
I was just trying to be polite.
It's kind of a part of
human culture.
- Oh, just call me Marie.
(Bell stutters)
- Ma-rie.
- Yeah. Marie, I am Marie.
(Marie giggles)
- You didn't answer my question.
Are you friends with Rido
and the other...
- Rido?
- Right.
Yeah. So Rido and
the other Xenos
are all of them living
down here with you?
- They're not here.
Rido went further up.
- Um. Okay, I see.
- Rei and the others
always stick together,
but I can't fly like she does
and I can't walk
like Rido either.
So, I'm always left
waiting here for them.
- Oh, that sounds pretty lonely.
- Let's talk about
other stuff Bell.
- So listen, Marie,
it's very important that I
find a way back to my friends.
I'd love to talk more
with you of course, but-
But could you please take me
to where the other humans are?
- This is a safe place.
Leaving is a bad idea.
Believe me, this is
where I sing and play.
- Marie.
- If you try to leave,
there's a scary thing.
I saw it myself.
It was awful.
It attacked some humans,
your friends.
- Are you talking about
the enhanced species?
That big green monster?
- Um huh.
Marie, I want to put
a stop to that thing
but I don't know where it is.
- You can't, stay here Bell.
Otherwise, you and I will
die and everyone else too.
Please stay.
(Bell gasps)
- What is it?
- Something's off.
Too much tension in the air.
- Lady Aisha, what do you mean?
- Quiet, monsters incoming.
(trumpet sounds)
(monsters marching)
- There's too many of them.
Use the magic swords.
- [Mikoto] More coming
from the rear.
- They're everywhere.
- [Lili] Damn.
- [Mikoto] There's even
more on the right
- [Lili] And they're also
coming from this way.
- Are you kidding me?
- Doesn't look good, folks.
- I hate these guys.
(Aisha gasps)
(monster roars)
Ain't this some shit.
That ugly bastard put us in
the middle of a pass parade.
(suspense music)
- It scares me, Bell.
- Trust me, Marie
I will defeat that Moss
Huge no matter what
but I really need your help.
Please guide me
through the dungeon.
- No, it's too dangerous,
you'll die.
- No, I won't.
I mean it. I'll wipe that
monster out.
Can you help me Marie?
I don't want you to be
scared any longer.
Please, I need your help.
- So then you'll be okay?
You won't get killed?
- Yeah, I promise.
- And- and the monster?
you can make it go away forever?
- I'll put it down for good.
(Marie stutters)
Cross my heart.
(Marie gasps)
(water splashes)
- Okay, I'll do it.
I'll be your guide, Bell.
(Marie gasps air)
(Marie singing note intensely)
(Marie singing fades)
(monster echoes)
- What was that?
- I found it.
It's that way.
There's another
friendly creature
like me who agreed to help out.
(water splashes)
- A mermaid song.
No way. Can it actually
mesmerize the beasts?
- Come on, Bell. Let's go.
- Okay, coming.
(upbeat adventure music)
- This is impossible.
A monster can't cause a pass
parade.
- That bastard. We're getting
overwhelmed.
- Don't fall behind or
you'll get swarmed.
Just keep on running.
- Ughh. My legs feel like jelly.
- Holy crap Dormul. Is
this as fast as you can go?
- Maybe I should just
leave your dumb ass here.
- Haruhime has a spell that
could get us out of this
but it's too soon,
that Moss Huge is
somewhere out there watching us.
(monsters screaming)
- Out of the way.
(sword shatters)
(monsters raging)
- Blacksmith, get ready.
- Gladly. You know I
could do this all day
- This way Bell, your
friends are running
from a whole bunch
of monsters right now.
They may be in trouble.
- Is that Moss Huge one of them?
- Yeah, it is.
(water splashes)
(monster grunts)
Bell, this way.
- Huh? Oh, okay.
(heavy footsteps thuds)
(monster growls)
(monsters raging)
(Metal clung)
(Welf grunts)
(suspense music)
- Hell Kaios.
(laser beams)
There's so many of them.
(Welf shouts)
- Don't wimp out on me
now blacksmith. Come on.
- What did you say?
You got a mouth on ya.
But out of respect for
how you handle that ax,
I'll let you off the
hook this time.
- Thanks. Now we've
got work to do.
(swords cutting)
(Daphne grunts)
- The vanguard is really giving
them hell.
This is our chance to press on.
- Great.
- [Daphne] Let's get
as far as we can.
(monster tumbles)
- Whoa. What the
hell is this thing?
- It's a Crystaroth Urchin.
Don't get hit.
It'll shred you to pieces.
- Yo, big guy! What are you
doing? Get outta there.
No chance, Chigusa and the
others won't make it out.
If it gets through, someone's
gonna get messed up.
- But Master Ouka!
(Ouka grunts)
- Mikoto it's too risky.
- No, don't do it.
- I've trained for this.
I have a quality weapon.
All I need to do is
be like Master Bell.
- It's a superb technique but,
I might rethink that
name if I were you.
- I'm okay with it.
It's the name I want.
I got an alias from the Gods.
It's meant to honor that.
Zekka.
(sword schwing)
(sharp static sound)
- Whoa! Mikoto.
- She... she got it.
- Split that thing in two.
- That was amazing, Mikoto.
- Now let's get moving everyone
- [Cassandra] With the light
of heaven once refused,
arms of mercy bring salvation
to my heinous figure.
Make up for my words that cannot
reach
and save my poor companions.
Oh, solar rays.
I beseech you to ward off
affliction, Soullight.
(triumphant music)
- All good.
- Thanks a lot.
- You're cutting it kind close
with all these heals a Lil Bit.
- We have to stick
to the timeframe.
We can't just use
it willy nilly.
- Why are you fighting with each
other after I just healed you?
- Up ahead, we have enemies
coming from the water.
(monsters marching)
- Four seconds till
I use the sword.
- Right!
(monsters marching)
(trumpet sounds)
(lightning crushes)
- [Aisha] I'm impressed.
I thought this party was
doomed without Bell Cranel
but apparently I misjudged them.
No need for more faint praise.
They've earned my respect.
This is more than a party
just relying on my protection.
- We were supposed
to go together,
you promised me Bell, but
I can't go any further.
(monster rushing)
It's that Aqua
Serpent from before.
(monster thuds)
It's coming at us.
(Bell stutters)
Sorry about this Marie.
- You're so fast Bell.
- At least get the
monster off our tail.
- This is so cool.
- Don't cling to me.
- We'll make our
stand right here.
There isn't any water for
them to attack us from,
plus we have a clear view.
Draw them in and scorch
them all at once
with your magic sword.
(monsters grunting)
- Will his sword
last long enough?
- Running away will
just make things worse.
We have got to do something
to reduce the number
of monsters or nothing
will change.
- Gotcha, sounds good to me.
Now, Koga!
- That's some intense heat.
No, dear Gods
- What's happening?
(rocks tumbles)
(monsters crippling)
- Are you seeing what
I'm seeing?
- All single species
all moving together.
This is a monster party.
- Crap. We're not
equipped for this.
They're spawning from
all over the place.
There's no way out.
- Lady Aisha.
- Honestly, I'm still
concerned about the Moss Huge,
but if you're going to use
it, then now is the time.
Listen up boys.
You must swear on your life
that you'll never speak
of what you're about to witness.
- [Luvis] What are you
talking about?
We don't have time for...
- Yes or no?
- [Dormul] Sure.
You have my word.
- [Luvis] I swear to you on the
name of our holy elf queen.
- Do it, Haruhime.
- Everyone gather around
her. Form a circle.
- This is it.
(monsters raging)
(heavy suspense music)
- Here I go.
Kokonoe.
(Ending song)
- [Haruhime] Next time,
Argo Vesta.